# Advanced Topics in Digital Korean Studies: International Symposia & Project Incubation Program
## 18 to 30 May 2022 at Seoul National University
## 23 to 25 June 2022 at the University of Copenhagen

The uses and application of digital methods have become commonplace in Korean studies. Despite the challenges caused by the Covid-19 pandemic, the superb collection of online archives and digital libraries made academic research about Korea possible. This heightened awareness of the field’s digital transformation begs the question: who created those databases, and how do we utilize them effectively?

[Javier Cha at Seoul National University](https://cls.snu.ac.kr/node/99) and [Barbara Wall at the University of Copenhagen](https://ccrs.ku.dk/staff/?pure=en/persons/583023) aim to bring together pioneers, early adopters, and the next generation of Koreanists who have employed digital methods in their research in a two-part event. Our goal is to create venues for exchanging ideas and offer networking opportunities across career stages.

From May 18th to 30th, 2022, the College of Liberal Studies at Seoul National University will host an international symposium and project incubation program. A small number of early-career and senior scholars will be connected to cutting-edge researchers in East Asia-related digital humanities research and have their own project developed with the help and guidance of leading experts. Topics to be discussed include: text analysis (literary Sinitic, modern standard Korean, North Korean corpora, and South Korean neologisms and slang); web scraping and data preprocessing using BeautifulSoup, Selenium, and ElementTree; network data in Gephi, Cytoscape, and Neo4j; applied computer vision; audio data; the materiality of data; gamification; and digital humanities pedagogy.

If you are interested in joining the May incubation program at Seoul National University, please send a statement of purpose, a CV, and a summary of your digital project or data set via [https://forms.gle/vbg7BP52vd1U5Crb9](https://forms.gle/vbg7BP52vd1U5Crb9) by January 15th, 2022. Please note that participation will be restricted to individuals and teams with a concrete digital project and are able to commit to the entire 13-day schedule from May 18th to May 30th, 2022. Participants who wish to stay on campus at [Hoam Faculty House’s Deluxe Room](https://www.hoam.ac.kr/eng/rooms/deluxe.php) may choose to do so at the discounted rate of ₩133,650 per night or ₩1,737,450 for 13 nights. A limited number of complimentary rooms will be made available for researchers who express financial needs. Please note that the final confirmation for Hoam bookings must be made before February 17th, 2022.

From June 23th to 25th, 2022, the Korean Studies Programme at the University of Copenhagen will host a follow-up event. The June event intends to bring together the contributors to *The Digital Turn in Korean Studies* special issue of [*Korean Studies*](https://uhpress.hawaii.edu/title/ks/), which is co-edited by Javier Cha and Barbara Wall and planned to be published in spring 2023. In addition, participants in the May incubation program will be asked to present the results of their pilot research to exchange feedback and foster the growth of digital Korean studies in a cooperative and collaborative manner.

Due to its nature and aims, both May and June events will be conducted in-person. Some keynote lectures, however, will be considered for streaming in a hybrid conference format.

Please note that both May and June events may be rescheduled or canceled pursuant to the Covid-19 policies of South Korea and Denmark, respectively. Prospective participants are asked to plan accordingly.
